the word that Jeremiah the Prophet spoke
to be ruk the son of Neriah when he had
written these words in a book had the
instruction of jeremiah in the fourth
year of Jehoiakim the son of Josiah king
of Judah thus says the Lord the God of
Israel to you obey Ruka you said woe is
me now for the Lord has added grief to
my sorrow I fainted in my sighing and I
find no rest thus you shall say to him
thus says the Lord behold what I have
built I will break down and what I have
planted I will pluck up that is this
whole land and do you seek great things
for yourself
do not seek them for behold I will bring
adversity on all flesh says the Lord but
I will give your life to you as a prize
in all places wherever you go
[Music]